so after jaime was killed in episode two
his body was found in the river and the
heat really is on meech lamar hit
michael terry's business with the stone
burgers and the starshouse thanks to
kato's help again showing how crazy his
character and mindset really is but pat
also showing us the same and what he's
capable of because he wants to keep
terry and meech under his thumb but they
found a new connector is big l who
showed herself at the beginning of the
episode but only revealed herself to
terry because she was impressed with how
he handles himself namicha has a huge
issue with kato because she's got their
trust after she had two pakistan shouts
while they were being shot by lamar and
now she's in bed with b mickey
could get even worse for meech and his
business from inside and the last thing
he needs is an internal conflict while
his crew is being hit from the outside
by lamar in the 12th street boys but
we're talking all things episode 4 in
this review and recap but of course if
you are new to the channel and you
haven't done so already remember to
smash the subscribe button if you want
to see everything bmf and power universe
related but this episode kicked off with
big meech telling us that him and his
brother were too determined and too
destined to be the best ever to play the
cocaine game money became their
addiction being able to buy whatever the
they wanted and it's because when
he was a young kid as well taken back
into mitch's childhood again he wanted
to impress simone but as we know mitch
and terry they grew up in a house but
they weren't exactly blessed with money
they weren't even able to keep their
fridge full but meech was determined
which of course backfired but the og
pack he seems to pop up everywhere we
saw in the last episode when he rolled
up to meech in the strip club when he
bought his deadline forward because if
he could afford to party in a strip club
then he could afford to pay par his
money and he did the same thing in this
episode twice he tells meech don't ever
be ashamed of who you are and where you
come from and he does look after him but
he seems to know where meech is at all
times and what he's up to and that's
because he taught him everything he knew
about the game and although power is the
one he looks up to the most eventually i
think mitch will probably have to take
him out because of how he wants to go
his own way and pat just showed what he
thinks about meech looking for a new
connect and he showed us what he's
really capable of when he dealt with
rock later on in the episode which we'll
get to but as we come to the present day
we're at meech's starshouts where bbk
sent hoop and k2 instead because his mom
was sick and he was busy with her at the
hospital which we learned later on in
the episode and bimiki isn't someone
who's known for disappearing he's always
on call despite the differences him and
meech have and now there's only a
handful of people who know where the
starshouse is and thus meech terry hoop
cato and b mickey and even if cato has
done enough to convince them for now i'm
sure this is something mitch and terry
will figure out later on who gave up the
stash outs but with their current stash
they've only got about two or three days
worth of product left which is why we
see mitch going to pat asking him for
more product three keys worth which he
wants to buy all up front as we know
from the previous episode pai is someone
who likes to keep meech and terry under
his thumb which was the same case in
this episode when he only gave one brick
to meech but as we mentioned last week
smoking your crack is a huge no and
mitch told rock that he's a work hazard
and he's pissed that he hasn't got the
product that he wants but rock tells him
that he can't give him what he doesn't
have and pat's fell off which is why
he's been micromanaging meech and
terry's supply but there's always
another game in town and all he had to
do was let them know when he was ready
to play and of course there's always
another connect all you have to do is
find them so he tells his brother that
he knows someone in the projects called
k9 who sets up a meet with big l but
they were walking away from the person
that gave them what they had now just as
we saw at the beginning of the episode
pat gave meech everything he wanted he
said that they lost sal the big picture
pat gave them their stripes he wasn't
just a mentor to them he was family and
they were walking away from him but this
is what mitch and terry were chasing
they were chasing the american dream and
when you have a tunnel vision it does
make you lose sight of the bigger
picture as they go and meet with a new
connect big l he fails to show up but we
later realized that this is big l she
only revealed herself to terry at the
end of the episode because she only
wants to do business with him because
she likes terry and the way he carries
himself which i'm sure meech won't like
and this may even cause a bit of
conflict between the two brothers
because this whole time meech has been
the one who's been the decision maker
but because they thought they'd been
stolen by canines connect big l they
went back to rock who said he knows
someone else in florida and they were
taken by some of pat's men into the
sticks and this is where pat really
shows us how crazy he is because he
really does go off in this scene it's
the first time we've actually seen this
side to part where he laid into meech
and terry and told them that he knows
everything that goes down in the streets
but this is where meech protects his
brother and this is the theme i spoke of
after the very first episode where we'll
see this theme where whenever terry is
in trouble meech will protect him he's
always protecting his baby brother and
wants pat to deal with him but leave
terry out of it but instead he rips into
rock skull because he wasn't doing his
job properly apparently and pat had to
work out what was going on in the
streets himself and he left this mess
for me and terry to deal with something
which terry was having a vision of
during his christening for his baby
seeing this is something they've
probably never seen before and it
affected him you could see it did but as
they finished the christening ceremony
detective bryant and lopez want to talk
to meech about jaimo's disappearance the
body which they found down in the river
with a gunshot wound to their head
because they knew their boss wasn't
messing around they were after every
drug dealer in the street and the
flannery brothers were on the board we
know that detective brian has been
helping meech in the streets and in
return he keeps his pockets full of cash
but enough is enough for detective brian
after he specifically told him not to
kill jmo which was be mickey's fault but
detective bryant needs the money as well
as meech needing protection so i'm sure
we'll see detective brian protecting
meech but for how long how long can
detective brian keep lopez away from
sniffing around the flannery brothers
because someone will have to go down for
jmo but let's talk all things lamar in
episode 4 and with both jmo and his
second in command out the way flamel
after the warning that he gave him last
week at the hospital lamar has taken
full control over the 12th street boys
and his plan hasn't changed he's slowly
working his way back up to the top and
his next move was to shut down the 50
boys as he throws down a few dollar
bills for some new diapers for terry's
baby and he shuts down their food truck
business with the stone burgers and this
was thanks to cato of course lamar rolls
up and tells everybody that there's a
secret menu which has a stone burger but
of course it's a secret menu for a
reason and now that everybody knows they
had to shut down and this was one way
lamar hit meech's organization thanks to
kato in this episode the second was was
the stash house and shutting down their
food truck wasn't his main play his main
play was to hit the starshouse and as we
touched on earlier on in the video there
were only five people who knew where the
stash house was which was b miki keto
meech terry and hoob and he was the one
who clocked onto lamar's play and what
was really going on as he went back to
the starships to find their whole stash
was taken by lamar and his boys and this
is where we saw the shootout between the
two crews with who hitting one of the
12th street boys and cato coming to help
poop firing shots to make it look like
she was there to help poop and protect
their starshouse we seem to have shown
reach that she was loyal to them because
we saw who back up kato as being me can
hoop tell me and terry that lamar got
them for everything and with bee mikie
and meech who haven't seen eye to eye
there are each of his throats again and
he lays one on b mickey but with terry
being so exhausted with what pap put
them through tonight they don't want to
make any decisions now which is smart
from terry because they need to regroup
and think of a way to hit lamar back
because they definitely will need to
strike back but here's where there's a
problem for meech he doesn't see eye to
eye with kato he doesn't see eye to eye
with bee mickey and now they're in bed
with each other which is going to put
mitch's whole business and operation at
risk because if cato can swing b mickey
then there's more trouble on the horizon
for meech because kato's got no choice
because lamar isn't given a one and we
know from today's episode that he used
to know cato's father and we'll probably
learn more about their past in history
as the season goes on but elsewhere in
the episode we were introduced to laurie
who's meech's baby moms as we see little
nika as well for the first time and
current who's past your swift sneeze
taking on kerry's case against the
hospital which they will get a payout
for and this will be the start of a new
business for terry and meech but that
was episode four and more problems for
me each other's food truck idea and
stone burgers is shut down and how this
stash house was hit for everything by
lamar and the 12th street boys and lamar
really does have the upper hand right
now there's no doubt about it but as
terry said they need some rest and they
need to think of what to do next so what
is mitch's plan next how is he going to
hit lamar back he's got issues with his
business external and internal with the
internal conflict he has with b mickey
and now him being in bed with cato
that's going to put their whole business
at further risk but let me know what you
guys made of episode 4 down below in the
comment section let me know what you
guys think what mitch has planned next
and will lamar stay one step ahead of
them drop all your thoughts down below
in the comment section and of course if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't done so already then remember to
smash the subscriber and you shouldn't
see everything bmf and power universe
related but as always thank you guys for
watching and i'll see you
next time